Howdy, this is the page to download PDFs related to the Brown County CWDG Program.
If you want to see whether you are eligible to receive funding, click this link here: https://pecan-bayou-swcd.github.io/Tier-1-Projects-Map/ . If you are within the red boundary, you qualify for financial assistance for tree/shrub pruning. If you are in any of the other colored boundaries, you qualify for financial assistance for brush management/range planting (i.e. dozing, grubbing, mulching). More project areas will open up next year and the year after that, so if you aren't eligible now, you probably will be later if you are around Lake Brownwood or within or nearby to the cities of Brownwood, Early, Bangs, or Blanket.
If you just want to download an application, click "Pecan_Bayou_Wildfire_Agreement.pdf". If you have questions (which you probably should!), give me a call at 325-430-3117 or email at joseph.tongate@yahoo.com, or stop by the Pecan Research Center at 701 CC Woodson in Brownwood to talk to me in person. 
If you want to see the Brown County Community Wildfire Protection Plan, you can click on "Brown County CWPP no appendix reduced file size.pdf".
If you want to see the full risk assessments for each community, you can find those in the appendix, by clicking on "Brown County CWPP appendix only reduced file size.pdf".
If you want to see the original proclamation in support of writing a CWPP, and subsequent letters of support from cities in Brown County, click "Brown County proclamation and letters of support.pdf".
If you want to see how the program works, or at least how it is intended to work, look at the grant application we submitted in March 2025 by clicking "Brown County-Project Implementation (1).pdf".
